What's up with Miare, what's up with Miare is that
Dallas has filed another complaint against her, she has
announced criminal and civil complaints
again and says I don't usually say how many
complaints I file or how many I win so as
not to give fame to certain
stalking characters but in this case it is an
exception I announce that I have taken
legal action already filed in another new
criminal complaint against my ex and his harassment,
civil proceedings will also be initiated as appropriate for the
defamation and madness that he has
dedicated himself to doing against me
lately revictimizing once again
after 10 years of harassment and after having already been
sentenced twice to prison and
once for civil matters in previous complaints
eh Well we finished reading it because I
think that because of some screenshots No yes the
actions that he took on social networks exceeded
all reasonable and also
legal limits Let's hope that justice
realizes the atrocities that he has been
doing lately and imposes the
corresponding penalties this harassment after
a decade is totally out
of place Thank you to all of you who are
here supporting despite all this harassment is
worth And here what I  I see it's a
complaint against the ex Doña m and I
had a romantic relationship a decade ago
HM discovery of secrets no Or
violating privacy is what it says
here no em let's see I understand that here there is
the issue of for this capture what I
understand is the issue of the
videos that they started posting of his
house I would have seen this as more civil
In my opinion But well This
obviously who am I no this will be
seen by the lawyer and he is the one who decides
but I do understand that this is about the
house, I mean entering a
person's house and recording it and publishing it And on
top of that bragging that you have
conversations where you claim to have
sent the images to more people
man a bit like that no I saw a
case but it was civil for the issue of
violation of honor okay it was one Oh I do
n't remember which journalist it was It was on
Tele5 and it was related to the issue
of reality shows and that was a person
who started I don't know if he even published the
photo I mean I think it was on top of that without
publishing the photo something like describing
how filthy a house was Roman a kiss
Handsome King a kiss King thank you so much
I'm autobanned sadness turned into
hate rage and helplessness and I don't want to
rant period Frank Always by your
side a kiss lolailo Thank you
so much Thank you so much sweetheart you
're always there I don't remember which
journalist it was but it was a
reality contestant it was I don't know if it was a
writer this writer But well
basically they put a person
who had been in their house began to
describe that the house was really
filthy that it had cockroaches I don't know what and
cobwebs and a lot of [ __ ] and I don't know what I don't know
how much you know and he won a lawsuit he
won a lawsuit I mean I understand that
showing a person's house or rather
entering a person's house recording
because apart from that it's not that he starts
recording what happened with the dog apart from that he
starts recording the bathroom not as if to
say look look how filthy the
house is I mean well the dog is still recording
and you say Well look there's the
dog not on the terrace stuck in the
cat flap Oh how abusive no but no no
no he hits him he hits the
living room  bathroom to the hallway is
like the bed it's not like saying Look look look
what gu r in note you know I don't know
the truth I don't know to what extent a whole
Star what's going on kerime Yes yes of course no it's
a little unnecessary no the complaint was
from Lucía Echevarría I think it was Lucía
Echevarría but now I don't put it on its own
but she won eh she won won won tocho won
tocho won tocho And then I understand let's
see I would have seen it more covered
by civil law I tell you the truth But
well I understand that they will go for criminal and
civil law for both for both
ways so from what Dallas says it would
not be right for you to put when you win
the complaints if I give them publicity in the
end they get what they want which is
attention that's why it's not worth
saying the ones I put even if they have m
But there are also some that have been
put to him that have come out favorable
for Dallas that he has not announced eh And
really I would have said it never I
always forget to talk to him about
that subject to see if I can tell you and
I will tell you even if it is Thank you Javi
sign of  exclamation mark
exclamation mark You have and you will have my
love, conch. You're welcome.
Thank you very much, conchin. There's no need for me to
donate more. Eh. Well, well, well. These are
the complaints that Dalas is going to file. We
'll find out. No, and really, this is
so lazy. Look, look. This is okay. Look, the
latest news about the class action lawsuit,
the class action lawsuit by Rodinger.
Sometimes it's filed, sometimes it's not.
Okay, well.